back what's going on guitar world this
is that Myers from Shinedown we are on
the stimulate this tour currently i'm
going to show you bits and pieces of my
rig today i would show you hoping that
my friend friend would be here forever
so start at the top to samson wireless's
i've been using samsung for four or five
years now work great is actually the old
units and getting really soon multi
selector my crown control from digital
music or cruel apps this is my pedal
rack i do everything on a midi the one
slot is Ibanez old I think this is a 78
ts19 creamer compression sustainer Delta
labs cherry Air Force hyper phase did
you take out the face pop ranch all CAE
Zeus overdrive
next door is a box rocks och tron and
they line 6 multi-tool um also have
preferment power conditioners and the
voltage regulator in here and my tech
Galen has a MIDI unit to that you can
switch if he if he so needs the same one
that's out on my pedalboard next is the
amps these little pervert which i've
been using which we use on most of the
record my favorite amp get i own bum and
then for clean i use the high watt HH
100 great clean sound breaks up a little
bit we're kind of working on that but
yeah this is uh bits and pieces of the
rig let me go through some of the
guitars now this is my silverburst PRS
which is actually currently being made
into a signature model tell anybody it's
going to be an SE version of this I'm
pretty much the same be it's gonna have
a couple different things that I don't
want to talk about because I wanted to
be surprised um yeah this is a
silverburst triple humbucker that they
made for me I build with PRS asp RS and
Taylor guitars at TT RS for ten years so
they've taken care of me my whole life
this is that
you got the silver burst three
humbuckers I need to switch up here the
toggle to volume two tone volumes up top
so i can do the toggle thing it's got
the skeleton birds on it and then
michael myers a truss rod cover which
all of my guitars have and then it's got
the clear knobs well which all my
guitars have huge finish to target I
probably had a hundred and thirty one
hundred and forty seven guitars but
these are the ones that I play on the
road this has been my main guitar for
the last nine ten years I actually
bought this guitar PRS tonight Jimmy was
to talk it's pretty beat-up it's my
number one it's a blue SC 250 I magic
star like ever same thing with the clear
knobs it's got specs and freckles from
me hitting it my rings and it's all
chewed up and beat up and see the number
one up there yeah this thing's been a
beat up pretty bad it's got nicks all
over it
this is my favorite guitar though every
time I try to yeah this is my rest in
peace bunch of Jackson thing every time
I try to put this guitar away I can
never do it it stays with me out here
i'll try to put it away and it usually
mostly will go away for one or two shows
and it always comes back so this is my
favorite guitar that i own actually an
island a bunch of really cool vintage
pieces but uh this is my favorite guitar
my blue
um this would be out of the PRS round
then I play this is a 72 vendor thinline
reissue actually have a real 72 thin
line and a real 69th in line at home
that I used to have out here love this
guitar i actually bought this guitar at
a memorial day sale at Arsenal for three
hundred dollars probably one of the best
sounding guitars I own other than the
silver PRS humbuckers it's dirt ma it's
I got dirt in it that I can't get off
the next I'll shoot up back in the neck
it's been it's been a gym played to
death I sold all the dirt you get all
every piece of it this is one of my
favorite ours i'll use this on 45 and
save me this is another this is just
like the blue and every time i try to
send at home I can't do it so love this
guitar this potala probably be out no
matter what PRS all extremes it
like I have to pry some tar this is my
tailor acoustic my favorite effusive 7.8
take care of me this thing actually is a
replacement for my grand Symphony which
I have the table to table grand
somepony's out here and how much airline
we flew to Europe but they cracked both
of my acoustic guitars straight from
here all the way down all the way up and
exhale just got those back today and
they sent out these this is actually one
of my favorite time
Eric's got one over there to that he
plays and we both have them on greece's
because I literally have one guitar here
and I'm playing this guitar my fellow
board and a million everything so yeah
this is I think this is a 916 or
something like that maybe yeah love a
maple fretboard and headstock and all
that and the maple binding but uh yeah
this is probably the best sounding
acoustic guitar other than one that
Taylor named me before my birthday so
mr. Taylor for this thing so thank you
guys for checking out my guitars and
half of my rig and maybe next time I
will be able to show you some of the
pieces i have at home the vintage stuff
and appreciate it come check out the
stimulated this tour when they're headed
your way which i'm sure we are because
we're out on this thing it's for
months so come check it out thanks
guitar world see you soon